okay we're with bincy and we're going to
walk over to the field here come here
beagle wait okay come here yeah come
good boy see if we can catch capture you
on camera here buddy
mmm okay wait hey you see the camera
okay yeah he'd like being high camera
good one yes you're a good-looking guy
good boy okay wait which way you want to
go all right come on no you want to see
the camera you want to see it okay let's
go yeah you walk so close to me here I
can't time to get you on camera I have
somebody else tape you next time alright
so this binti boo I think it's a third
week off leash that's a good point what
good boy yes good wait oh good job come
on and work hard to capture you and in
this this overhead view you know you
like the cameras huh easy I know you
want to smell that camera but you'll
probably get it all licked up yes okay
now we're just going to get a little
bathrooms maybe not okay get a good
angle up yeah good boy yes you're such a
handsome boy
almost like the camera huh no no leash
okay wait good good okay that's just how
you do it these old pro now started with
the three leash method tread vibration
collar did it all realizing which you
will respect work the best good boy wait
that's my boy oh what a good-looking
people you have been too boo come on all
right buddy yes you're good looking guy
but yet good boy come on
before it gets too dark out
good yeah I liked oh you just wait stop
there okay come in to move good boy and
get your snarfel on smell everything
trying to capture you bud hey wait good
come that's my boy
yeah what a good boy it's hard running
this thing backwards buddy doing good
wait good job come oh yeah good eagle
yes you're super vigal yeah and they
said you can't get vegans walk on leash
ever showed them that's wrong yeah
probably the best one I've had off leash
fate good wait come alright alright good
boy good job oh he's a good boy I
contacted everything yes yeah made this
video because every time I go somewhere
i usually get stopped that's where I got
my dog trained obviously did myself of a
dog trainer but they said this is a
beagle you'll never ever get him to walk
off leash I said well that's crap and so
tube in cebu oh wait okay um
now one of these sides here typical
beagle in the moment in Cebu